feat: implement a `DataSource` (#4)
wolfenrain/wattles: packages/wattles/README.md

---

> Wattle(s) is a strongly typed Dart ORM that does not require generating code to function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wattle(s) is a strongly typed Dart ORM that does not require code generation.
```

nit
